A framework based on deep neural networks to extract anatomy of mosquitoes from images.
The motivation for citizens' involvement in life sciences research is predicted by age and gender.
A Vision for Using Simulation & Virtual Coaching to Improve the Community Practice of Orthopedic Trauma Surgery.
What does crowdsourced data tell us about bicycling injury? A case study in a mid-sized Canadian city.
Examining Change in Self-Reported Gambling Measures Over Time as Related to Socially Desirable Responding Bias.
Assessment of volunteered geographic information for vegetation mapping.
Public awareness of and attitudes towards research biobanks in Latvia.
A Comparative Analysis of Surgical Scar Cosmesis Based on Operative Approach for Radical Prostatectomy.
New Coleoptera records from eastern Canada, with additions to the fauna of Manitoba, British Columbia, and Yukon Territory.
Breed differences in dog cognition associated with brain-expressed genes and neurological functions.
A citizen science approach estimating titanium dioxide released from personal care products.
A review of subtidal kelp forests in Ireland: From first descriptions to new habitat monitoring techniques.
Development of Brief Child Nutrition and Physical Activity Screening Questions for Electronic Health Record Use.
Sharing for science: high-resolution trophic interactions revealed rapidly by social media.
Community Assessment of the Predictability of Cancer Protein and Phosphoprotein Levels from Genomics and Transcriptomics.
A Smartphone Crowdsensing System Enabling Environmental Crowdsourcing for Municipality Resource Allocation with LSTM Stochastic Prediction.
Automated Bird Counting with Deep Learning for Regional Bird Distribution Mapping.
Real-time traffic accidents post-impact prediction: Based on crowdsourcing data.
Systematic Chemogenetic Library Assembly.
Research Mentorship Crowdsourcing Contest: Toward Global Health Good.
The Impact of Dermal Fillers on Perceived Personality Traits and Attractiveness.
Outlining where humans live, the World Settlement Footprint 2015.
Venous thromboembolism research priorities: A scientific statement from the American Heart Association and the International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis.
How Do Older Adults Recruited Using MTurk Differ From Those in a National Probability Sample?
Protistological science dissemination.
The Roses Ocean and Human Health Chair: A New Way to Engage the Public in Oceans and Human Health Challenges.
A citation study of earth science projects in citizen science.
The association between sleep quality and attenuated psychotic symptoms.
Outlier detection methods to improve the quality of citizen science data.
Nine years of mosquito monitoring in Germany, 2011-2019, with an updated inventory of German culicid species.
Swab and Send: a citizen science, antibiotic discovery project.
Highlights in Medical Entomology, 2019: Familiar Foes and New Frontiers.
Using citizen science to investigate the spatial-temporal distribution of floating marine litter in the waters around Taiwan.
Using Bumble Bee Watch to investigate the accuracy and perception of bumble bee (Bombus spp.) identification by community scientists.
Visual snow syndrome: is it normal or a disorder - and what to do with patients?
Speeded reasoning moderates the inverse relationship between autistic traits and emotion recognition.
Adapting Citizen Science to Improve Health in an Occupational Setting: Preliminary Results of a Qualitative Study.
Dispersal patterns of an introduced wild bee, Megachile sculpturalis Smith, 1853 (Hymenoptera: Megachilidae) in European alpine countries.
One Year Evaluation of Three Low-Cost PM2.5 Monitors.
A benchmark dataset and case study for Chinese medical question intent classification.
Actions, indicators, and outputs in urban biodiversity plans: A multinational analysis of city practice.
Fathers of Children With Congenital Heart Disease: Sources of Stress and Opportunities for Intervention.
Clinical Characteristics of 18 Patients with Psoriasis and Multiple Myeloma Identified Through Digital Health Crowdsourcing.
SciBabel: a system for crowd-sourced validation of automatic translations of scientific texts.
A National-Scale Assessment of Mercury Bioaccumulation in United States National Parks Using Dragonfly Larvae As Biosentinels through a Citizen-Science Framework.
Flowers in Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) Pollinator Plantings and the Upper Midwest Agricultural Landscape Supporting Honey Bees.
A citizen-science approach reveals long-term social network structure in an urban parrot, Cacatua galerita.
Toward dynamic phenotypes and the scalable measurement of human behavior.
Medical Student Utilization of a Novel Web-Based Platform (Psy-Q) for Question-Based Learning in Psychiatry: Pilot Questionnaire Study.
Maximizing human effort for analyzing scientific images: A case study using digitized herbarium sheets.
Envisioning the expertise of the future.
Working with a new kind of team: harnessing the wisdom of the crowd in trial identification.
Anxiety Mediates the Relationship between Psychotic-Like Experiences and Social Functioning in the General Population.
Coherence of achromatic, primary and basic classes of colour categories.
Data-derived metrics describing the behaviour of field-based citizen scientists provide insights for project design and modelling bias.
Crowdsourcing to promote hepatitis C testing and linkage-to-care in China: a randomized controlled trial protocol.
A Mixed Method Study to Inform the Implementation and Expansion of Pop-Up Parks for Economic, Behavioral, and Social Benefits.
Translational data analytics in exposure science and environmental health: a citizen science approach with high school students.
The Australian Roadkill Reporting Project-Applying Integrated Professional Research and Citizen Science to Monitor and Mitigate Roadkill in Australia.
Research data management in health and biomedical citizen science: practices and prospects.
Citizen science to further precision medicine: from vision to implementation.
Emerging Wireless Sensor Networks and Internet of Things Technologies-Foundations of Smart Healthcare.
Cost-Effectiveness Analysis, Psychosocial, and Utility Outcomes of Early Mandibular Distraction in Craniofacial Microsomia.
Progression of COVID-19 From Urban to Rural Areas in the United States: A Spatiotemporal Analysis of Prevalence Rates.
Promoting routine syphilis screening among men who have sex with men in China: study protocol for a randomised controlled trial of syphilis self-testing and lottery incentive.
Factors Influencing Doctors' Participation in the Provision of Medical Services Through Crowdsourced Health Care Information Websites: Elaboration-Likelihood Perspective Study.
Photopaper as a Tool for Community-Level Monitoring of Industrially Produced Hydrogen Sulfide and Corrosion.
Digital epidemiological and citizen science methodology to capture prospective physical activity in free-living conditions: a SMART Platform study.
Multi-Institutional Assessment and Crowdsourcing Evaluation of Deep Learning for Automated Classification of Breast Density.
Visual Cultural Biases in Food Classification.
The Science of the Future: Establishing a Citizen-Scientist Collaborative Agenda After Covid-19.
Mapping fatal police violence across U.S. metropolitan areas: Overall rates and racial/ethnic inequities, 2013-2017.
Environmental Quality Perceptions and Health: A Cross-Sectional Study of Citizens of Kaunas, Lithuania.
Machine learning methods for brain network classification: Application to autism diagnosis using cortical morphological networks.
Success factors for citizen science projects in water quality monitoring.
A single dose of doxycycline after an Ixodes ricinus tick bite to prevent Lyme borreliosis: an open-label randomized controlled trial.
Peak autumn leaf colouring along latitudinal and elevational gradients in Japan evaluated with online phenological data.
Massive online data annotation, crowdsourcing to generate high quality sleep spindle annotations from EEG data.
A crowdsourced set of curated structural variants for the human genome.
Correction: Phenotate: crowdsourcing phenotype annotations as exercises in undergraduate classes.
Crowdsourcing drug discovery for pandemics.
High fat diet worsens Alzheimer's disease-related behavioral abnormalities and neuropathology in APP/PS1 mice, but not by synergistically decreasing cerebral blood flow.
Crowdsourcing in Crisis: Rising to the Occasion.
Working the crowd for forensic research: A review of contributor motivation and recruitment strategies used in crowdsourcing and crowdfunding for scientific research.
A Mobile Game for Automatic Emotion-Labeling of Images.
Mechanisms of offline motor learning at a microscale of seconds in large-scale crowdsourced data.
Community Citizen Science for Risk Management of a Spontaneously Combusting Coal-Mine Waste Heap in Ban Chaung, Dawei District, Myanmar.
Citizen Neuroscience: Brain-Computer Interface Researcher Perspectives on Do-It-Yourself Brain Research.
Drivers of declines in common loon (Gavia immer) productivity in Ontario, Canada.
Leveraging Crowdsourcing for HIV Testing Posters: A Visual Content Analysis and Cognitive Responses Among Chinese Men who Have Sex with Men.
Factors associated with employment and expected work retention among persons with multiple sclerosis: findings of a cross-sectional citizen science study.
Digital crowdsourcing: unleashing its power in rheumatology.
Tick-borne encephalitis virus (TBEV) prevalence in field-collected ticks (Ixodes ricinus) and phylogenetic, structural and virulence analysis in a TBE high-risk endemic area in southwestern Germany.
Analysis of monitoring data where butterflies fly year-round.
Estimating the heritability of cognitive traits across dog breeds reveals highly heritable inhibitory control and communication factors.
Can information from citizen science data be used to predict biodiversity in stormwater ponds?
Enhancing big data in the social sciences with crowdsourcing: Data augmentation practices, techniques, and opportunities.
Operationalising a One Health approach to reduce the infection and antimicrobial resistance (AMR) burden in under-5 year old urban slum dwellers: The Childhood Infections and Pollution (CHIP) Consortium.
Neurobiology: Crowdsourcing CO2 to Conserve Brain Energy.
Associations between taste preferences and chronic diseases: a population-based exploratory study in China.
